Work than needs to be done by Wednesday the 8th of August 2018

We basically do not want to bore our clients by making them fill in long forms, instead we take them step by step per page

1. The basic layout of the web. the prosective candidate's perspective (own database, first). meaning what each page entails and how it looks. 
 
    Page 0 - Welcome/home page (no table)
 
        a. Create account and specify type
 
    Page 1 - Personal information (own table)
 
        a. names (columns)
        b. birth data and age (columns)
        c. nationality (column)
  
    Page 2 - Educational background (own table).

    Page 3 - Skills and experties (own table).

    Page 4 - work experience (own table).

    Page 5 - achivements (own table).

    Page 6 - projects (own table).

    Page 7 - interests (own table).
    
    Page 8 - job interest titles (own table).
 
2. The basic layout of the web from the employer's perspective (own database, second). meaning what each page entails and how it looks.
 
    Page 0 - Welcome/home page (no table)

        a. create account and specify type

    Page 1 - Employee company information (own table)

        a. Company name (column)
        b. Location (column)
        c. Areas of interest of specialization (column)

    Page 2 - Job listings (own table)

        page 2a - Educational background required for this specified job (own 'sub-table' or even column).

        page 2b - Skills and experties required for this specified job (own 'sub-table' or even column).

        page 2c - minimum work experience required for this specified job (own 'sub-table' or even column).

        page 2d - achivements adavatageous for this specified job (own 'sub-table' or even column).

        page 2e - projects kinds adavatageous for this specified job (own 'sub-table' or even column).
        
        page 2f - Personal information required (table)
        
            a. Nationality
            b. Age
            c. Marital status
            d. Idenity number
        
        page 2g - Employment type (column)
        
            a. Permanant
            b. Temporary
            c. Contract
            
        page 2h - Job title (column)
        
        page 2i -  Time for emplyment to begin (column)
        
        page 2j - interests (not actually necessary) (own 'sub-table').
